readme.md, before:

[![Website][]](https://telepathy.pw)
[![Builds][]][travis]
[![Browsers][]][browserstack]
[![Deps][]][gemnasium]

Telepathy Web
=============
A sync-less "telepathic" password manager that generates repeatable site-specific passwords across any of your devices.

[Website]: https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/http/telepathy.pw.svg?label=telepathy.pw "Website Status"
[Builds]: http://img.shields.io/travis-ci/chameleoid/telepathy-web.png "Build Status"
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/chameleoid/telepathy-web
[Browsers]: https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=blEzN0RpcGFPeDJJZjZlZDd4bnpJTWN2QU5Md2F6OWovUS9xbGd5aWhPVT0tLUVzTUUwcEVBR05oTDA4QzBRMlNDbHc9PQ==--743532cf005d5b574d9e307e32053aa45b6c5c5f "BrowserStack Status"
[browserstack]: https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/blEzN0RpcGFPeDJJZjZlZDd4bnpJTWN2QU5Md2F6OWovUS9xbGd5aWhPVT0tLUVzTUUwcEVBR05oTDA4QzBRMlNDbHc9PQ==--743532cf005d5b574d9e307e32053aa45b6c5c5f
[Deps]: https://img.shields.io/gemnasium/chameleoid/telepathy-web.png "Dependency Status"
[gemnasium]: https://gemnasium.com/chameleoid/telepathy-web


## Contributing
Please see the [Chameleoid Styleguide][] before contributing.

Take care to maintain the existing coding style.  Add unit tests for any new or
changed functionality.  Lint and test your code using [Gulp][].

[Chameleoid Styleguide]: https://github.com/chameleoid/style
[Gulp]: http://gulpjs.com/


## License
Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Chameleoid and Kimberly Zick (rummik)

Licensed under the MPL

Commit message:

Update readme with contributing.md contents

readme.md, after:

[![Website][]](https://telepathy.pw)
[![Builds][]][travis]
[![Browsers][]][browserstack]
[![Deps][]][gemnasium]

Telepathy Web
=============
A sync-less "telepathic" password manager that generates repeatable site-specific passwords across any of your devices.

[Website]: https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/http/telepathy.pw.svg?label=telepathy.pw "Website Status"
[Builds]: http://img.shields.io/travis-ci/chameleoid/telepathy-web.png "Build Status"
[travis]: https://travis-ci.org/chameleoid/telepathy-web
[Browsers]: https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=blEzN0RpcGFPeDJJZjZlZDd4bnpJTWN2QU5Md2F6OWovUS9xbGd5aWhPVT0tLUVzTUUwcEVBR05oTDA4QzBRMlNDbHc9PQ==--743532cf005d5b574d9e307e32053aa45b6c5c5f "BrowserStack Status"
[browserstack]: https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/blEzN0RpcGFPeDJJZjZlZDd4bnpJTWN2QU5Md2F6OWovUS9xbGd5aWhPVT0tLUVzTUUwcEVBR05oTDA4QzBRMlNDbHc9PQ==--743532cf005d5b574d9e307e32053aa45b6c5c5f
[Deps]: https://img.shields.io/gemnasium/chameleoid/telepathy-web.png "Dependency Status"
[gemnasium]: https://gemnasium.com/chameleoid/telepathy-web


## Contributing
Please note that this project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct][]. By participating in this project you agree to
abide by its terms.

Please see the [Chameleoid Styleguide][] before contributing.

Take care to maintain the existing coding style.  Add unit tests for any new or
changed functionality.  Lint and test your code using [Gulp][].

[Contributor Code of Conduct]: http://www.chameleoid.com/conduct
[Chameleoid Styleguide]: https://github.com/chameleoid/style
[Gulp]: http://gulpjs.com/


## License
Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Chameleoid and Kimberly Zick (rummik)

Licensed under the MPL
